Using Gmail we want the contact form to send email go to the following doc start Shango project you
are out.
The quick example shows the emails format.
There's a subject message through the e-mails from and the recipients fails silently means that the
user will not see any errors.
If the email is not sent underneath the quick example code there is a list of e-mail settings.
We need an e-mail underscore host email underscore port e-mail underscore host underscore user email
underscore host undershorts password in the project.
We need to define these email settings we're the necessary information for users to send an email through
the contact form.
We'll do this under SIRC Triton settings.
Y
And all of this information can be put in between lines.
Eighteen lines 22
five eighty seven is the port for G-mail.
Now go back to jangles.
Email documentation copy the quick example code.
Then open contact the used IPY and directly paste it
this view needs access to the email settings to import the settings type from Django comp import settings.
Now let's define some email variables.
Type subject equals blank
below that do the same but with message
again with email from.
However with email too we will set the variable settings.
Email underscore host underscore user
because email to eco settings that email underscore host underscore user.
For now the email will be sent to my inbox.
Open contact forms that he y.
The form has fields for name comment and email open contact used up y and cut form.
Cleaned underscore data.
Email
this can be found on line 12 and paste it after e-mail from equals
setting that variable
e-mail from is sent to the email address the user puts into the contact form.
We want the e-mails message to be sent to the comment and the name the user wants puts into the contact
for first will clean the comment and name data then using string substitution will send the message
to the forms comment to name.
In this we'll want to set the variable for message
for the email Subject.
Set the variable by typing equals message from my site dot com
but all the email variables into sendmail by typing subject message email from email to fail.
Underscore silently equals true after sendmail.
This can be placed on to line 18
once that's complete say views up white Next go ahead and open up Crome below the contact form when
the contact form is submitted and email is sent.
You should have an email with the information from the contact form in your personal email.
I just get checked mine to make sure I went through which it did.
If you get an error saying s and TPA authentic error go to this you are all
continue another error you may get is an email from Google saying review blocked sign and attempt.
You may have to click on that email.
Then click on allow access to less secure apps.
Try submitting the contact form again.
The email should then send.